welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the Roccat Kone xtd they're calling this
their Mac's customization gaming mouse
now in terms of the actual performance
and hardware specs it's not that
different from something like a cone
plus however the shape of the mouse is
different and the customization is quite
different so the first thing we're going
to do is actually just whip open the box
while we tell you some of the general
specs so it has an 8200 dpi Pro r3 grade
sensor so that's pretty much as high as
it goes these days for gaming mice it's
got 8 buttons however it does feature
Roccat shift+ which allows you to use
one of the buttons as a shift key and
then assign additional functionality to
all of the other buttons it has 576
kilobytes of onboard memory allowing you
to store a butt ton of profiles and
macros and all that stuff that you'd
want to do to have the mouse be as
customizable as you could desire and
unlike the cone what's it called poem
pure I think I called it Plus before
unlike the cone pure it has check this
out these lighting strips now this is
hard to demo without actually plugging
it into something so we could probably
we could probably we'll plug it into
something in a moment but I'll show you
guys the box you can actually set it up
so there's 4 customizable LEDs so that
you have different colors that blend
into each other and these are these are
multicolored LEDs so you can set them to
any color of the rainbow you'd want and
then have the mouse look like whatever
you want now you can have it even change
dynamically on the fly so using raw
cat's software you can say okay well you
know I'm being attacked so the mouse
should glow red instead of a different
color or I'm poisoned it should go green
and not everyone stares at their Mouse
father gaming in fact I think most
people don't but it's still a neat kind
of thing to have let's show you what the
ergonomics look like so this is a
right-handed organ AMA Klee shaped Mouse
it is significantly bigger bigger than
the cone P R so you can see the size
difference right there where the cone P
R is almost a claw Mouse for me this one
there's no way I'd be able to claw grip
it this is more of this is more of a
palm Mouse for me however if we took
someone with larger hands such as my
handy Betty's here filming assistants
lik you can see that that's that's way
better right
I don't think you could palm that though
could you little little bit too small
for baseball glove sized hands to palm
but you can you can easily you can
easily claw that right okay so there you
go has eight buttons compared to the
seven on the on the cone pier so we'll
show you where the buttons are these
these back and forward buttons are
totally a must these days it's got a
profile button here well remember you
can program them to do whatever you want
it's got a left and right sliding scroll
wheel so up down click left right more
profile switching these are probably for
dpi switching by default you can tell
from the labels on them but you can
change them through whatever we want and
then remember guys you can hold down
shift and press any other button on the
mouse and program that to whatever you
actually want it to do now the cone xtd
also has a weight system which is
another thing that the pier doesn't have
so we're going to go ahead and open
those up so you've got four or five gram
weights that you can easily put inside
the mouse using the unlockable thing on
the bottom here let's just go ahead and
okay Oh apparently it's already open
there so you can put as many or as few
as you want I wouldn't have minded
seeing them more towards the center of
the mouse but I guess it's not the end
of the world they stick in there just
fine on their own but you can go ahead
and lock them into place should you so
desire on the bottom we see the 8200 dpi
laser sensor as well as the Teflon
slippy pads I do prefer to see a layout
like what we saw on the cone pier where
the top ones are one large piece rather
than two separated pieces because
sometimes there can be issues with these
these ones coming off I'm not saying
Rockets not using a whoops and adequate
adhesive I'm just saying that I've had
it happen in the past we have other mice
so there you go take that for what it is
and let's go ahead and plug this in ah
there we go I got that locked into place
now so this seems fitting taking some
sort of their ultimate customization
Gaming Mouse and putting it next to the
ultimate single GPU gaming graphics card
and I'm going to go get my cheat sheet
that has any
other notes that I wanted to talk about
on the mouse so oh yeah the most feature
is rocket talk looks like it probably oh
I plugged it into a USB 3 port I don't
know if we have the drivers installed
for that new ok there we go so that
might work so it has rocket talk which
actually allows it to work in
conjunction with other rocket items such
as keyboards that feature rocket talk
giving you kind of like like bonuses to
functionality based on using matching
gear like an MMO inspired kind of thing
it does feature there TDC U which is
basically a configurable like
intelligent way of controlling your lift
distance and making sure that it doesn't
just shift all over the place
unnecessarily when you're trying to lift
the mouse up when you reach the end of
the mousepad and yeah that's good get a
good shot of me like cheating on my
rocket achievements right so there's a
there's an app that tracks your usage of
the mouse and allows you to get
achievements like sultan of scroll if
you scroll a lot and sort of cool stuff
like that and I think that's pretty much
it that lighting effect looks really
good so you can see there's four LEDs
one here here here and here and those
are multicolored LEDs systems so you can
actually have colors blend together in
the middle or you can just do solid
colors the way that we have it
configured right now I want to just
boost up the it's much brighter than it
looks in the camera oh oh that's shutter
speed okay why don't you do its like
there you go boost up the okay that's
more like true to life now it's quite
bright I think that pretty much wraps it
up thank you for checking out this
unboxing and first look at the cone xtd
from rocket don't forget to subscribe to
Linus tech tips for more unboxings
reviews and other computer videos